http://www.dow.com,Business/Industry,Chemicals,Chemicals
http://www.intel.com,International organization,Technology,Semiconductors and Other Electronic Components
http://www.chsinc.com,Company/Enterprise,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Food Production
http://www.pmi.com,Corporate/E-commerce,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Tobacco
http://www.bakerhughes.com,Corporate/Industrial,Energy,"Oil and Gas Equipment, Services"
http://www.northropgrumman.com,Business/Industry,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace and Defense
http://www.internationalpaper.com,International organization,Materials,"Packaging, Containers"
http://www.lear.com,Company,Motor Vehicles & Parts,Motor Vehicles and Parts
http://www.edisoninvestor.com,Investment/Corporate Affairs,Energy,Utilities: Gas and Electric
http://www.praxair.com,Industrial/Manufacturing,Chemicals,Chemicals
http://www.libertyinteractive.com,"E-commerce Investment/Finance",Technology,Internet Services and Retailing
http://www.darden.com,Education,"Hotels, Resturants & Leisure",Food Services
http://www.reynoldsamerican.com,"Health/Non-Profit, Business","Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Tobacco
http://www.fmctechnologies.com,Technology/Telecommunications,Energy,"Oil and Gas Equipment, Services"
http://www.cmc.com,"Art/Design Education",Materials,Metals
http://www.ncr.com,"E-commerce Financial Services",Technology,"Computers, Office Equipment"
http://www.mrcglobal.com,"Engineering/Manufacturing Business",Energy,"Oil and Gas Equipment, Services"
http://www.jbhunt.com,E-commerce,Transportation,"Trucking, Truck Leasing"
http://www.leidos.com,Government,Technology,Information Technology Services
http://www.sonoco.com,Business/Economy,Materials,"Packaging, Containers"
http://www.aleris.com,Documentation/Tech Support,Materials,Metals
http://www.libertymedia.com,Financial/Corporate,Media,Entertainment
http://www.meadjohnson.com,Healthcare,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Food Consumer Products
http://www.westlake.com,"Corporate News Business/Finance",Chemicals,Chemicals
http://www.graphicpkg.com,"1. Software 2. Design",Materials,"Packaging, Containers"
http://www.brunswick.com,Finance,Transportation,Transportation Equipment
http://www.darlingii.com,Environmental/Sustainability,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Food Production
http://www.genesisenergy.com,"Investment Financial Services",Energy,Pipelines
http://www.watsco.com,Investment/Finance,Wholesalers,Wholesalers: Diversified
http://www.xyleminc.com,Environment,Industrials,Industrial Machinery
http://www.brinks.com,Finance,Business Services,Diversified Outsourcing Services
http://www.bigheartpet.com,Animal Welfare,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Food Consumer Products
http://www.unisys.com,Logistics/Business,Technology,Information Technology Services
http://www.hyster-yale.com,"Business/Finance Corporation",Industrials,Industrial Machinery
http://www.schnitzersteel.com,Corporate/Business,Materials,Metals
http://www.aointl.com,Business/Company Information,"Food, Beverages & Tobacco",Tobacco
http://www.newmarket.com,"Company/Corporate Finance",Chemicals,Chemicals
http://www.gbrx.com,Company/Employment,Transportation,Transportation Equipment
http://www.universalamerican.com,"Gaming, Entertainment",Health Care,Health Care: Insurance and Managed Care



http://www.phillips66.com,"E-commerce News/Informational",Energy,Petroleum Refining
http://www.mckesson.com,Entertainment/News,Wholesalers,Wholesalers: Health Care
